Add email to teams who didn't attend league 1 (#74)
srobo/team-emails: SR2021/2021-01-19-league-1-absent.md

---
to: Teams who didn't attend session 1

> subject: Student Robotics League 1

Reviewer: Is this really the subject of the email?
Would something like "Helping you get the most out of your robot" be more accurate?

Author: Yeah i'm not super happy with this one, but really the email is about the fact they missed the league, so just "getting the most" isn't quite enough.

Reviewer: Yeah, I appreciate that. I'm concerned that this could be read either (misread) as being about the next one (and thus ignored for a while) and/or just ignored as being something which is out of date (if the recipient perhaps hasn't checked their inbox in a while).

---

Hello there!

We noticed at least one of your teams was absent from our first league session last weekend. We wanted to reach out to see if there was any more support we could provide you, or questions we could answer?

## Assistance

If you're struggling with your robot, here's a few resources which might help you out:

- [The Docs](https://studentrobotics.org/docs/)

> - [Discord](https://studentrobotics.org/docs/team_admin/discord), to get help from other teams / blue shirts

Reviewer: Does "blue shirts" need explaining here? Perhaps "volunteers" is simpler?
```suggestion
- [Discord](https://studentrobotics.org/docs/team_admin/discord), to get help from other teams / volunteers
```

Author: We very frequently use the term blue shirts to reference volunteers, I don't think it needs explaining.

---
to: Teams who didn't attend session 1
subject: Student Robotics League 1
---

Hello there!

We noticed at least one of your teams was absent from our first league session last weekend. We wanted to reach out to see if there was any more support we could provide you, or questions we could answer?

> ## Assistance

Reviewer: This is more pull than push, so perhaps
```suggestion
## Resources
```

Also maybe push this section down so that the focus is on the mentoring?

If you're struggling with your robot, here's a few resources which might help you out:

- [The Docs](https://studentrobotics.org/docs/)
- [Discord](https://studentrobotics.org/docs/team_admin/discord), to get help from other teams / blue shirts

## Mentors

Alternatively, if you'd prefer some more hands-on support, we may be able to allocate you a mentor.

Your mentor will help guide your team towards good solutions for their robot, provide assistance where they might need it as well as help them understand the kit, the rules and the competition as a whole.

Mentors are volunteers who have typically competed or helped out with the competition before. They’re able to give help on all aspects of programming your robot, and if they don’t know something, they typically know someone who does.

> If you're interested in getting a mentor, please let us know when works best for you. For safeguarding reasons, either you or another responsible adult such as a parent / guardian will need to be around for any video calls.

Reviewer: Should we explicitly mention how teams should do this? Having an explicit call to action (even if it's just "reply to this email") often helps clarify.

> ## Mentors
> 
> Alternatively, if you'd prefer some more hands-on support, we may be able to allocate you a mentor.
> 
> Your mentor will help guide your team towards good solutions for their robot, provide assistance where they might need it as well as help them understand the kit, the rules and the competition as a whole.
> 
> Mentors are volunteers who have typically competed or helped out with the competition before. They’re able to give help on all aspects of programming your robot, and if they don’t know something, they typically know someone who does.
> 
> If you're interested in getting a mentor, please let us know when works best for you. For safeguarding reasons, either you or another responsible adult such as a parent / guardian will need to be around for any video calls.

Reviewer: I think we could provide a bit more detail here about what the mentor will do as well as how the sessions would work:
```suggestion
## Mentoring

In order to help you get the most out of your robot, we'd like to offer some
hands-on support from one of our volunteers.

Your mentor will help guide your team towards good solutions for their robot,
provide assistance where they might need it as well as help them understand the
kit, the rules and the competition as a whole.

Mentors are volunteers who have typically competed or helped out with the
competition before. They’re able to give help on all aspects of programming
your robot, and if they don’t know something, they typically know someone who
does.

If your team has a regular meeting time, please reply to this email to let us
know when this is and what platform you're using (it's fine if you're not using
Discord). We'll use this to match you up with a volunteer who'll be around when
you are. For safeguarding reasons, either you or another responsible adult such
as a parent / guardian will need to be around for any video or voice calls.

If your team doesn't have a regular meeting time feel free to ask in Discord
when you are meeting -- there's often a number of our volunteers online.
```

> 

Reviewer: Suggest adding this section:
```suggestion

## Tips

We've found that teams which have a regular meeting schedule to work on their
robot tend to do better, so you may find it useful to have a set time each week
that your team meets to catch up and review their progress.

Similarly, we've found that it is beneficial for the whole team to have a shared
understanding of the whole of the robot. This both ensures that every member of
the team is able to contribute as well as avoiding issues if one team member is
not available. This year we would encourage that you have a shared location for
the robot code and that everyone feels able to contribute to its development.

```
